This removes Strimzi from the Cloudflow Helm chart (#3)
lightbend/cloudflow-helm-charts: cloudflow/README.md

| Parameter                       | Description                                                     | Default                      |
| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------| -----------------------------|
| `cloudflow_operator.persistentStorageClass` | The name of the storage class for workloads requiring ReadWriteMany persistent volumes. Examples of these workloads are Spark and Flink checkpointing and savepointing. This must be a `ReadWriteMany` storage class. | ""  |

> | `cloudflow_operator.kafkaBootstrapservers` | The address and port of the Kafka cluster that Cloudflow will use. | ""  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudflow_operator.kafkaBootstrapservers` | a comma-separated list of host/port pairs to use for establishing the connection to the Kafka cluster that Cloudflow will use. | ""  |
```
